.TH Z-PUSH-GABSYNC 8
.SH NAME
z-push-gabsync \(em synchronize Global Address Book data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fBz-push-gabsync\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIsimulate\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-gabsync\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIsync\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-gabsync\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIsync-one\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUNIQUE-ID\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-gabsync\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIclear-all\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-gabsync\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIdelete-all\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBz-push-gabsync\fP can be used to synchronize Global Address Book (GAB) data
with clients that use the Kopano Outlook Extension (KOE).
.SH OPTIONS
In multi-tenant or hosted environments, multiple GABs exist. To perform an
action only for a specific tenant, the name of the GAB can be passed with
the \fB\-t\fP \fITARGET-GAB\fP option.
.SS simulate
The \fIsimulate\fP action simulates synchronization of the the Global Address
Book (GAB) entries, and prints out statistics and configuration suggestions.
.SS sync-one
The \fIsync\fP action synchronizes the GAB to an address book in Outlook.
.SS sync-one
The \fIsync-one\fP action synchronizes a single GAB entry. The \fB\-u\fP
\fIUNIQUE-ID\fP option must be used to select which entry to synchronize.
.SS clear-all
The \fIclear-all\fP action removes all entries from the synchronized folder in
Outlook.
.SS delete-all
The \fIdelete-all\fP action removes all entries from the synchronized folder
in Outlook, and also removes the folder itself.
