.TH Z-PUSH-ADMIN 1
.SH NAME
z-push-admin \(em device and user administration for Z-push
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIlist\fP [\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP | \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIlastsync\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIwipe\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP | \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP|\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIremove\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP | \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP | \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIresync\fP \fB\-t\fP \fITYPE\fP | \fB\-t\fP \fITYPE\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP | \fB\-t\fP \fITYPE\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIresync\fP \fB\-t\fP \fIFOLDERID\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIresync\fP \fB\-t\fP \fIhierarchy\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIclearloop\fP [\fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP | \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP]
.PP
.B \fBz-push-admin\fP \fB\-a\fP \fIfixstates\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBz-push-admin\fP can be used to manage the users and devices that sync their
email, contacts and calendar items with Z-push.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS list
The \fIlist\fP action lists synchronized devices. When no extra options are
given, the command returns a listing of all synchronized devices. If the
selection is narrowed by specifying a username (\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP) or
a device id (\fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP) or both, the command lists
extended information about the selected device(s).
.SS lastsync
The \fIlastsync\fP action lists all devices and synchronized users and the
time that the last synchronization took place.
.SS wipe
The \fIwipe\fP action
.SS remove
The \fIremove\fP action removes state data. When a username is specified
(\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP), the state data of all devices of that user is removed.
When a device id is specified (\fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP), the state data of all
users for that device is removed. When both are specified, the state data is
removed for a specific user on a specific device.
.SS resync
The \fIresync\fP action triggers a resynchronization of specific data. With
the options, it is possible to select which data exactly is synchronized.
When a username (\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP) and device id (\fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP)
are specified, all data of this user on this device is resynchronized. By
specifying a folder type (\fB\-t\fP \fITYPE\fP), only folders of this type are
synchronized. Valid types are \fBemail\fP, \fBcalendar\fP, \fBcontact\fP,
\fBtask\fP, \fBnote\fP and \fBgab\fP.

The \fB\-t\fP option can also be used to specify a folder id to resynchronize
only a specific folder, or \fBhierarchy\fP to resynchronize the folder list.
.SS clearloop
The \fIclearloop\fP action clears the loop detection data, either for all
users and devices, or (with \fB\-d\fP \fIDEVICE\fP and \fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP)
for a specific user on a specific device.
Loop detection is Z-push's automatic mechanism for avoiding problems where a
device requests the same item over and over again. With the clearloop action
this mechanism is reset.
.SS fixstates
The \fIfixstates\fP action checks the state of all users and devices and fixes
potential problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
https://wiki.z-hub.io/display/ZP/Tools:+z-push-admin
